# Invoice

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Memo** | Pointer to **string** | Optional memo to attach along with the invoice. Used for record keeping purposes for the invoice&#39;s creator,         and will also be set in the description field of the encoded payment request if the description_hash field is not being used. | [optional] 
**RPreimage** | Pointer to **string** | The hex-encoded preimage(32 byte) which will allow settling an incoming HTLC payable to this preimage. | [optional] 
**RHash** | Pointer to **string** | The hash of the preimage. | [optional] 
**ValueMsat** | **int32** | The value of this invoice in milli satoshis. | 
**Settled** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether this invoice has been fulfilled | [optional] [default to false]
**CreationDate** | Pointer to **int32** | When this invoice was created. Not available with CLN. | [optional] 
**SettleDate** | Pointer to **int32** | When this invoice was settled. Not available with pending invoices. | [optional] 
**ExpiryDate** | Pointer to **int32** | The time at which this invoice expires | [optional] 
**PaymentRequest** | Pointer to **string** | A bare-bones invoice for a payment within the     Lightning Network. With the details of the invoice, the sender has all the data necessary to     send a payment to the recipient.      | [optional] 
**DescriptionHash** | Pointer to **string** |      Hash(SHA-256) of a description of the payment. Used if the description of payment(memo) is too     long to naturally fit within the description field of an encoded payment request.      | [optional] 
**Expiry** | Pointer to **int32** | Payment request expiry time in seconds. Default is 3600 (1 hour). | [optional] 
**FallbackAddr** | Pointer to **string** | Fallback on-chain address. | [optional] 
**CltvExpiry** | Pointer to **int32** | Delta to use for the time-lock of the CLTV extended to the final hop. | [optional] 
**RouteHints** | Pointer to [**[]RouteHint**](RouteHint.md) |      Route hints that can each be individually used to assist in reaching the invoice&#39;s destination.      | [optional] 
**Private** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether this invoice should include routing hints for private channels. | [optional] 
**AddIndex** | **string** |  The index of this invoice. Each newly created invoice will increment this index making it monotonically increasing. CLN and LND handle ids differently. LND will generate an auto incremented integer id, while CLN will use a user supplied string id. To unify both, we auto generate an id for CLN and use the add_index for LND.  For &#x60;LND&#x60; this will be an &#x60;integer&#x60; in string form. This is auto generated by LND.  For &#x60;CLN&#x60; this will be a &#x60;string&#x60;. If the invoice was generated by BlitzAPI, this will be a [Firebase-like PushID](https://firebase.blog/posts/2015/02/the-2120-ways-to-ensure-unique_68). If generated by some other method, it&#39;ll be the string supplied by the user at the time of creation of the invoice.  | 
**SettleIndex** | Pointer to **int32** |          The \&quot;settle\&quot; index of this invoice. Each newly settled invoice will  increment this index making it monotonically increasing.      | [optional] 
**AmtPaidSat** | Pointer to **int32** |      The amount that was accepted for this invoice, in satoshis. This     will ONLY be set if this invoice has been settled. We provide     this field as if the invoice was created with a zero value,     then we need to record what amount was ultimately accepted.     Additionally, it&#39;s possible that the sender paid MORE that     was specified in the original invoice. So we&#39;ll record that here as well.      | [optional] 
**AmtPaidMsat** | Pointer to **int32** |      The amount that was accepted for this invoice, in millisatoshis.     This will ONLY be set if this invoice has been settled. We     provide this field as if the invoice was created with a zero value,     then we need to record what amount was ultimately accepted. Additionally,     it&#39;s possible that the sender paid MORE that was specified in the     original invoice. So we&#39;ll record that here as well.      | [optional] 
**State** | [**NullableInvoiceState**](InvoiceState.md) | The state the invoice is in. | 
**Htlcs** | Pointer to [**[]InvoiceHTLC**](InvoiceHTLC.md) | List of HTLCs paying to this invoice[EXPERIMENTAL]. | [optional] 
**Features** | Pointer to [**[]FeaturesEntry**](FeaturesEntry.md) | List of features advertised on the invoice. | [optional] 
**IsKeysend** | Pointer to **bool** | [LND only] Indicates if this invoice was a spontaneous payment that arrived via keysend[EXPERIMENTAL]. | [optional] 
**PaymentAddr** | Pointer to **string** |  The payment address of this invoice. This value will be used in MPP payments,     and also for newer invoices that always require the MPP payload for added end-to-end security. | [optional] 
**IsAmp** | Pointer to **bool** | Signals whether or not this is an AMP invoice. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewInvoice

`func NewInvoice(valueMsat int32, addIndex string, state NullableInvoiceState, ) *Invoice`

NewInvoice instantiates a new Invoice object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewInvoiceWithDefaults

`func NewInvoiceWithDefaults() *Invoice`

NewInvoiceWithDefaults instantiates a new Invoice object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetMemo

`func (o *Invoice) GetMemo() string`

GetMemo returns the Memo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMemoOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetMemoOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMemoOk returns a tuple with the Memo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMemo

`func (o *Invoice) SetMemo(v string)`

SetMemo sets Memo field to given value.

### HasMemo

`func (o *Invoice) HasMemo() bool`

HasMemo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRPreimage

`func (o *Invoice) GetRPreimage() string`

GetRPreimage returns the RPreimage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRPreimageOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetRPreimageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRPreimageOk returns a tuple with the RPreimage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRPreimage

`func (o *Invoice) SetRPreimage(v string)`

SetRPreimage sets RPreimage field to given value.

### HasRPreimage

`func (o *Invoice) HasRPreimage() bool`

HasRPreimage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRHash

`func (o *Invoice) GetRHash() string`

GetRHash returns the RHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRHashOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetRHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRHashOk returns a tuple with the RHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRHash

`func (o *Invoice) SetRHash(v string)`

SetRHash sets RHash field to given value.

### HasRHash

`func (o *Invoice) HasRHash() bool`

HasRHash returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetValueMsat

`func (o *Invoice) GetValueMsat() int32`

GetValueMsat returns the ValueMsat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetValueMsatOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetValueMsatOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetValueMsatOk returns a tuple with the ValueMsat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetValueMsat

`func (o *Invoice) SetValueMsat(v int32)`

SetValueMsat sets ValueMsat field to given value.


### GetSettled

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettled() bool`

GetSettled returns the Settled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettledOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSettledOk returns a tuple with the Settled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettled

`func (o *Invoice) SetSettled(v bool)`

SetSettled sets Settled field to given value.

### HasSettled

`func (o *Invoice) HasSettled() bool`

HasSettled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreationDate

`func (o *Invoice) GetCreationDate() int32`

GetCreationDate returns the CreationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreationDateOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetCreationDateOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreationDateOk returns a tuple with the CreationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreationDate

`func (o *Invoice) SetCreationDate(v int32)`

SetCreationDate sets CreationDate field to given value.

### HasCreationDate

`func (o *Invoice) HasCreationDate() bool`

HasCreationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSettleDate

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettleDate() int32`

GetSettleDate returns the SettleDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettleDateOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettleDateOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSettleDateOk returns a tuple with the SettleDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettleDate

`func (o *Invoice) SetSettleDate(v int32)`

SetSettleDate sets SettleDate field to given value.

### HasSettleDate

`func (o *Invoice) HasSettleDate() bool`

HasSettleDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExpiryDate

`func (o *Invoice) GetExpiryDate() int32`

GetExpiryDate returns the ExpiryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiryDateOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetExpiryDateOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetExpiryDateOk returns a tuple with the ExpiryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiryDate

`func (o *Invoice) SetExpiryDate(v int32)`

SetExpiryDate sets ExpiryDate field to given value.

### HasExpiryDate

`func (o *Invoice) HasExpiryDate() bool`

HasExpiryDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentRequest

`func (o *Invoice) GetPaymentRequest() string`

GetPaymentRequest returns the PaymentRequest field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentRequestOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetPaymentRequestOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentRequestOk returns a tuple with the PaymentRequest field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentRequest

`func (o *Invoice) SetPaymentRequest(v string)`

SetPaymentRequest sets PaymentRequest field to given value.

### HasPaymentRequest

`func (o *Invoice) HasPaymentRequest() bool`

HasPaymentRequest returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescriptionHash

`func (o *Invoice) GetDescriptionHash() string`

GetDescriptionHash returns the DescriptionHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionHashOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetDescriptionHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionHashOk returns a tuple with the DescriptionHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescriptionHash

`func (o *Invoice) SetDescriptionHash(v string)`

SetDescriptionHash sets DescriptionHash field to given value.

### HasDescriptionHash

`func (o *Invoice) HasDescriptionHash() bool`

HasDescriptionHash returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) GetExpiry() int32`

GetExpiry returns the Expiry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiryOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetExpiryOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetExpiryOk returns a tuple with the Expiry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) SetExpiry(v int32)`

SetExpiry sets Expiry field to given value.

### HasExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) HasExpiry() bool`

HasExpiry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFallbackAddr

`func (o *Invoice) GetFallbackAddr() string`

GetFallbackAddr returns the FallbackAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFallbackAddrOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetFallbackAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFallbackAddrOk returns a tuple with the FallbackAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFallbackAddr

`func (o *Invoice) SetFallbackAddr(v string)`

SetFallbackAddr sets FallbackAddr field to given value.

### HasFallbackAddr

`func (o *Invoice) HasFallbackAddr() bool`

HasFallbackAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCltvExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) GetCltvExpiry() int32`

GetCltvExpiry returns the CltvExpiry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCltvExpiryOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetCltvExpiryOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCltvExpiryOk returns a tuple with the CltvExpiry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCltvExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) SetCltvExpiry(v int32)`

SetCltvExpiry sets CltvExpiry field to given value.

### HasCltvExpiry

`func (o *Invoice) HasCltvExpiry() bool`

HasCltvExpiry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRouteHints

`func (o *Invoice) GetRouteHints() []RouteHint`

GetRouteHints returns the RouteHints field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRouteHintsOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetRouteHintsOk() (*[]RouteHint, bool)`

GetRouteHintsOk returns a tuple with the RouteHints field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRouteHints

`func (o *Invoice) SetRouteHints(v []RouteHint)`

SetRouteHints sets RouteHints field to given value.

### HasRouteHints

`func (o *Invoice) HasRouteHints() bool`

HasRouteHints returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPrivate

`func (o *Invoice) GetPrivate() bool`

GetPrivate returns the Private field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPrivateOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetPrivateOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPrivateOk returns a tuple with the Private field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrivate

`func (o *Invoice) SetPrivate(v bool)`

SetPrivate sets Private field to given value.

### HasPrivate

`func (o *Invoice) HasPrivate() bool`

HasPrivate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddIndex

`func (o *Invoice) GetAddIndex() string`

GetAddIndex returns the AddIndex field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddIndexOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetAddIndexOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAddIndexOk returns a tuple with the AddIndex field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddIndex

`func (o *Invoice) SetAddIndex(v string)`

SetAddIndex sets AddIndex field to given value.


### GetSettleIndex

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettleIndex() int32`

GetSettleIndex returns the SettleIndex field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettleIndexOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetSettleIndexOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSettleIndexOk returns a tuple with the SettleIndex field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettleIndex

`func (o *Invoice) SetSettleIndex(v int32)`

SetSettleIndex sets SettleIndex field to given value.

### HasSettleIndex

`func (o *Invoice) HasSettleIndex() bool`

HasSettleIndex returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmtPaidSat

`func (o *Invoice) GetAmtPaidSat() int32`

GetAmtPaidSat returns the AmtPaidSat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmtPaidSatOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetAmtPaidSatOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAmtPaidSatOk returns a tuple with the AmtPaidSat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmtPaidSat

`func (o *Invoice) SetAmtPaidSat(v int32)`

SetAmtPaidSat sets AmtPaidSat field to given value.

### HasAmtPaidSat

`func (o *Invoice) HasAmtPaidSat() bool`

HasAmtPaidSat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmtPaidMsat

`func (o *Invoice) GetAmtPaidMsat() int32`

GetAmtPaidMsat returns the AmtPaidMsat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmtPaidMsatOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetAmtPaidMsatOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAmtPaidMsatOk returns a tuple with the AmtPaidMsat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmtPaidMsat

`func (o *Invoice) SetAmtPaidMsat(v int32)`

SetAmtPaidMsat sets AmtPaidMsat field to given value.

### HasAmtPaidMsat

`func (o *Invoice) HasAmtPaidMsat() bool`

HasAmtPaidMsat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetState

`func (o *Invoice) GetState() InvoiceState`

GetState returns the State field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetStateOk() (*InvoiceState, bool)`

GetStateOk returns a tuple with the State field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetState

`func (o *Invoice) SetState(v InvoiceState)`

SetState sets State field to given value.


### SetStateNil

`func (o *Invoice) SetStateNil(b bool)`

 SetStateNil sets the value for State to be an explicit nil

### UnsetState
`func (o *Invoice) UnsetState()`

UnsetState ensures that no value is present for State, not even an explicit nil
### GetHtlcs

`func (o *Invoice) GetHtlcs() []InvoiceHTLC`

GetHtlcs returns the Htlcs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHtlcsOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetHtlcsOk() (*[]InvoiceHTLC, bool)`

GetHtlcsOk returns a tuple with the Htlcs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHtlcs

`func (o *Invoice) SetHtlcs(v []InvoiceHTLC)`

SetHtlcs sets Htlcs field to given value.

### HasHtlcs

`func (o *Invoice) HasHtlcs() bool`

HasHtlcs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeatures

`func (o *Invoice) GetFeatures() []FeaturesEntry`

GetFeatures returns the Features field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeaturesOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetFeaturesOk() (*[]FeaturesEntry, bool)`

GetFeaturesOk returns a tuple with the Features field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeatures

`func (o *Invoice) SetFeatures(v []FeaturesEntry)`

SetFeatures sets Features field to given value.

### HasFeatures

`func (o *Invoice) HasFeatures() bool`

HasFeatures returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsKeysend

`func (o *Invoice) GetIsKeysend() bool`

GetIsKeysend returns the IsKeysend field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsKeysendOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetIsKeysendOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsKeysendOk returns a tuple with the IsKeysend field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsKeysend

`func (o *Invoice) SetIsKeysend(v bool)`

SetIsKeysend sets IsKeysend field to given value.

### HasIsKeysend

`func (o *Invoice) HasIsKeysend() bool`

HasIsKeysend returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentAddr

`func (o *Invoice) GetPaymentAddr() string`

GetPaymentAddr returns the PaymentAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentAddrOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetPaymentAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentAddrOk returns a tuple with the PaymentAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentAddr

`func (o *Invoice) SetPaymentAddr(v string)`

SetPaymentAddr sets PaymentAddr field to given value.

### HasPaymentAddr

`func (o *Invoice) HasPaymentAddr() bool`

HasPaymentAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsAmp

`func (o *Invoice) GetIsAmp() bool`

GetIsAmp returns the IsAmp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsAmpOk

`func (o *Invoice) GetIsAmpOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsAmpOk returns a tuple with the IsAmp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsAmp

`func (o *Invoice) SetIsAmp(v bool)`

SetIsAmp sets IsAmp field to given value.

### HasIsAmp

`func (o *Invoice) HasIsAmp() bool`

HasIsAmp returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


